---
layout: post
title: aws iam
categories: aws
date: 2018-10-01 09:00:00 -0000
tags:
- iam
- aws
description: We describe the <b>AWS IAM</b>  here...            
---  

**What are IAM Groups ?**            

An IAM group is a collection of IAM users. Groups let you specify permissions for multiple users,which can make it easier to manage the permissions for those users. 
For example, you could have a group called `Admins` and give that group the types of permissions 
that administrators typically need. Any user in that group automatically has the permissions 
that are assigned to the group. If a new user joins your organization and needs administrator 
privileges, you can assign the appropriate permissions by adding the user to that group. 
Similarly, if a person changes jobs in your organization, instead of editing that user's 
permissions, you can remove him or her from the old groups and add him or her to the appropriate 
new groups.                  

**What are IAM roles?**

IAM roles are a secure way to grant permissions to entities that you trust. 
Examples of entities include the following:

* IAM user in another account                      
* Application code running on an EC2 instance that needs to perform actions on AWS resources     
* An AWS service that needs to act on resources in your account to provide its features       
* Users from a corporate directory who use identity federation with SAML             

**What are IAM Policies?**            

A policy defines the AWS permissions that you can assign to a user, group, or role. You can create and edit a policy in the visual editor and using JSON.                 